MAJOR NOTES:

Directory trees are mirrored with pull and push (in the obvious
direction). Entire tree is mirrored, regardless as to if you want it
to be or not (it attempts to exclude svn repo files). If you don't
like that, change it!

genpull will grab all files, while genpush only grabs *.java. Files
other than *.java should be added by hand. I decided to go with this
design because I assume all files in the SVN repo (excluding the files
managing the repo itself) are related to the pset, while files in the
git repo can be all sorts of crazy things, like Makefiles and TAGS.

Neither genpull or genpush can delete files from SVN-FILES, so if you
add a file there it'll be there forever until you remove it by
hand. This also means that if the only files that aren't *.java were
pulled from the SVN repo with genpull, those files will already be in
SVN-FILES.

And I can't say this enough: CHECK EVERYTHING BY HAND! Run all your
code in eclipse before submitting! I don't want to be the one to cause
you to get 0 on a pset because you forgot to check to see if your code
works in eclipse, or assumed a file was submitted that didn't get
copied.

================================================================

This is a fresh copy of ps4 pulled directly from svn with these
scripts. No changes made to the files yet. They're included as an
example and because I don't want to bother renaming everything to be a
more anonymized example.

The main trick to this setup is svn must be a symbolic link to the ps4
directory in your svn repo. Everything else (should) work without any
tweaks.

================================================================

There are two major design changes from the previous version (in the
parent directory).

====

Pulling is closer to automated:

$ make genpull

will now find all the files in the svn repo, attempt to remove the
uninteresting ones (svn files, not actual code).

====

Pulling handles directory mirroring:

$ make pull

will now read out the directory tree in the svn repo and mirror it in
the current directory.

====

Pushing handles directory mirroring:

$ make push

will now push the directory tree in the current directory to the svn
repo.

====

NOTE: the directory trees mirrored in make pull and make push are NOT
handled in SVN-FILES yet. The entire tree, regardless of content or if
you want it to be copied, will be mirrored. The scripts should
correctly avoid .svn directories, but as is they don't think about
anything else. If you do your pset work in the top level of your git
repository, you may want to make it ignore your .git directory as
well. Poke around in push.sh to figure out how, it should be
clear. You can use pull.sh as an example for how to exclude
directories.

====

I've barely tested any of this, at the time of this writing I've only
used these scripts to pull the svn ps4 starting files and push a tmp
directory to see if that part worked. Please poke me (on github, or
any other way you can figure out) if you find any bugs.

================================================================

Future additions (possibly):

Makefile handling of svn update, add and commit so you never have to
 touch svn.
Auto svn adding
Auto svn committing (not sure about this one)

Something that'd be cool to have (I'm looking at you, nameless
 reader!):

Automated testing in eclipse through pulling svn repo in eclipse and
 running code

Automated listing of files in svn vs files in git, possibly even
 attempted guessing "have you forgotten this file?" prompts. Probably
 would need to be specialized to java and looking at file's imports,
 packages, and matching strings in the files to filenames
